Feature/server ws (#15)
alastria/alastria-identity-entity: README.md

Frontend of the Entity.

### Mongo Database

Data Base of the entity.

### Mongo-Express

A tool to monitorize the mongo database.

#### Notes

> If you want to develope, fir of all you need to have the database started, to do this you have to run this command in the directory of alastria-identity-entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to develop, first of all you need to have the database started, to do this you have to run this command in the directory of alastria-identity-entity.
```
